Central Mezovy has just suffered the Rovenkian Dearth, a series of mysterious monstrous incursions emanating from the (former) Margrave of Rovenk. These incursions swamped Rovenk completely, and destroyed the capitals of several other regions nearby. Several groups of adventurers entered the region to find and destroy the source: very few returned, none with clear stories, but it appears that one of them succeeded. The Tsarina, having lost her heir apparent (whose lands were in Rovenk), has decided to test his remaining heirs for fitness by giving them control of the lands around Rovenk, with a mandate to revitalize them and clear Rovenk itself of its blights.

We're all advisors to Prince Seryy the Longshot, the least likely of the remaining five potential heirs to the Tsar of Mezovy. Seryy is a massive wall of a man, known for his terrifying speed on horseback, and his frustrating slowness out of the saddle. Despite or perhaps because of his plodding nature, Seryy was raised by a wise tutor who rubbed off on the child. This tutor (a cleric of a good god tbd later) left him with a circlet that lets him use Detect Good regularly, and advice to find other capable Good people to advise and help him.

The intent is for this game to have rotating GMs, with an open formula that allows for many different scenarios. Our PCs are all important people, so excusing one's absence as "away on other business" is simple. The somewhat wise but slow leader who implicitly trusts his council means that PCs effectively run the kingdom. We'll be starting with 5th level PCs, and running on the "slow" advancement track for experience and loot.
 
