TODO: import twitter archives into bsky
TODO: find images for each post if possible

A 100 post retrospective on my recently-finished 100 episode campaign Memories of Mezovy.
https://bsky.app/profile/tasshin.com/post/3lbk6i73ses2m

1. 
My prior campaign was post-apocalyptic, and at the start of Covid that seemed uncomfortable to try bringing online. @uncletallest.ohmytallest.productions had been building a campaign setting on the west of this autogenerated map, and in the east was this Tsardom of Mezovy.
https://azgaar.github.io/Fantasy-Map-Generator/?maplink=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OhMyTallest-Productions/Arthian-Map/master/Arthia-main.map

2. 
The campaign plan was very light-weight: a medieval police procedural, with a mystery hinted at by the map. I knew little more than the PCs learned in the three paragraph email I sent introducing it. Much of the plot evolved in play, often inspired by my co-GM or my players.

3. 
The characters were selected for their Good natures by Tsarevich Seryy the Longshot, as his court retinue to help him retake the realm of Velerolobo, recently devastated by demonic incursions coming from his neighboring ancestral homelands of Rovenk.

4. 
General Nikita was Seryy's childhood friend in the manner of Enkidu. A catfolk (fae), her presence had been tolerated because of his patronage. She and her fellow tiger fae would become implacable warriors for the preservation of the realm.

5. 
Anatoli was a member of the Royal Wizard's guild, with a dark secret that became darker as the campaign progressed. When Seryy was crowned Tsesarevich, he became the steward of Velerolobo, and eventually confronted and vanquished his darker self.

6. 
Gahdri was a tattooed wizard from the lands south of Mezovy. Mistaken for a witch for liking mushrooms, she was burned nearly to death before Seryy saved her. She overcame that and other prejudices to become Mezovy's first Ipsissimus in several generations.

7. 
Raag was a fat halfling, as shifty a rogue as they come. He worked for a time as the treasurer of the lands, before retreating to their outskirts to provide a safe homeland for his fellow halflings, out of the path of the oncoming destruction.

8. 
Alaric was an inquisitor and sin-eater of Veles, the god of the underworld. Their holy book turned out to have a shadowy warrior literally trapped within it, and together their determination helped turn the tide against the Queen.

9. 
General Mayhem was a talented but unwise half-elven kid playing masked gladiators. He was often the front line, sometimes to his own serious detriment, before his talents for disguise and infiltration saw him pulled him away to more clandestine work.

10. 
Ragnar was a fire elf archer, with a criminal past he was trying to leave behind when he fell in with Seryy's retinue. His silent arrows surprised and felled even the most hale enemies with their accuracy, including The Queen herself, for which he paid with his life.

11. 
Berko

12. 
Yarik

13. 
The Queen originated in the A.E. Housman poem "Her Strong Enchantments Failing", but the game inspiration was my co-GM using a Hag-bound Witch in one of her episode plots, about 20 episodes in. The PCs didn't learn who she was until episode 68, but her influence was retconned in everywhere.
https://allpoetry.com/poem/14372757-Her-Strong-Enchantments-Failing-by-A-E-Housman

14. 
Tsarina Suzyanna

15. 
Ukpik & Ter Khrekaan

16. 
Koschei

17. 
The Traitor Princess

18. 
Caine

19. 
Oilester

20. 

21. 



Ideas:
- List of resources for notes etc
  - Github repo
  - Azgaar map
  - Google drive folder
  - ???
- Major plot points
  - The attack on Rovenk
  - The attack on the Tsarina's ball
  - Retaking Rovenk
  - 
